README: More TS-centric and more specific on CSS (#33)
Superformula/frontend-test: README.md

## Context

> Use React w/ TypeScript to implement the following mock-up. You will need to leverage an open API for restaurant data to fill in the details and functionality as described below. You are only required to complete the desktop views, unless otherwise instructed.

Author: I removed the `HTML, CSS, and JavaScript` here for a few reasons:

1. I think we generally want to see people submit in TypeScript now right?
2. HTML and CSS are kinda implicit in the `React` requirement IMO
3. I think the focal point of the submission is React, so I moved it up front

### Tech stack

> - TypeScript oriented (JavaScipt can be used, but we strongly prefer TypeScript)

Author: Don't want to limit out JavaScript submissions, but since we're like 99% TypeScript now, we should probably start requesting submissions come in w/ that in mind.

  - Use **React**.
  - _Do not_ use any React boilerplate, such as Create React App

> - Feel free to use a preprocessor like SASS/SCSS/Less but _do not_ use any pre-styled frameworks or libraries

Author: ```suggestion
- Feel free to use a preprocessor, CSS-in-JS, or JSS tool but _do not_ use any pre-styled frameworks or libraries
```

  - The general rule of thumb is: you should write your own styling for your components, do not use "pre-made" tools and utilities
  - GOOD:
    - Styled-Components
    - Emotion
    - SCSS
    - SASS
    - LESS
    - CSS
  - BAD:
    - Tailwind
    - Bootstrap

>     - Material-UI

Author: ```suggestion
    - Material UI
```
